Throughout our paper titled "Classification of the Prime Graphs of Sz(8)-, Sz(32)-, and PSL(2, 25)-Solvable Groups" we refer to several specific group extensions to prove that certain prime graph complements exist given certain T-solvable groups. Here is where those groups are actually stored. These groups are semidirect products of some group T with the some underlying abelian p-group created from a vector space. These semidirect products work using representation theory and so we have stored the representations of the group T here in this documentation. The matrices in this GitHub are the generators of a certain representation of T, with which you can create a semidirect product with a specific p-group to create the prime graph complements necessary for our proofs.

Furthermore, manually searching for these specific extensions and finding their prime graph complements is a tedious task. To combat this we used the function IrreducibleRepresentations(G, p) in GAP, where G is the group one wants to check the representations of, and p is the specific prime one wants to check the extensions for. This function is then used in tandem with the function we define in this document called FixedPointsFromRep. This then allows us to check for the fixed points using simple facts about eigenvectors and eigenvalues. Furthermore, we can easily construct the prime graph complement from these fixed points. To see an example of how this would work, look at Example Code file.

Most of the rest are simply methods we found useful at one point or another but were not a cornerstone of the coding for this project.

Some code may be repeated from https://github.com/abiteofdata/K4-Groups/blob/main/README.md 
